[Education]


[How did you rank in your final year of high school in mathematics? Were you a top student? On what basis would you say that?]

I was among of the good students. On request, I have the official grade score from my university. Answer is based my strong interests for mathematics, especially Geometry, applied to Computer Vision.



[How did you rank in your final year of high school, in your home language? Were you a top student? On what basis would you say that?]

Depends what you mean in home language. I was a native german in a romanian country. I learned romanian after I got into public school. What I could master very well, was grammar of romanian language.


[Please state your high school graduation results or university entrance results, and explain the grading system used. For example, in the US, you might give your SAT or ACT scores. In Germany, you might give your scores out of a grading system of 1-5, with 1 being the best.]

In Romania, score rancking is between 1(lowest) and 10(highest). My highschool graduation results was 9.27


[Can you make a case that you are in the top 5% in your academic year, or top 1%, or even higher? If so please outline that case. Make reference where possible to standardised testing results at regional or national level, or university entrance results. Please explain any specific grading system used.]

No, as my interests is not to excell in everything what a University provides as interests. I really loved Mathemathics(geometry), Electrothchnic equations and Processor Design. I was among 10 - 20%.


[What sort of high school student were you? Outside of class, what were your interests and hobbies? What would your high school peers remember you for?]

I am happy that I could realize my hobbies from highschool to now. I love playing the Guitar and Flying. People remember me by having a good sense of humour and always guestionig everything.



[Which university and degree did you choose? What other universities did you consider, and why did you select that one?]

Computer Scienece. Although I would have loved to do more Circuit design, and choosing therefore Electrotehnic. But , I registered for all the courses on my own and  learned the neccessary fundamentals of computer science and circuit design. 



[Overall, what was your degree result and how did that reflect on your ability? Please help us understand the grading system for your results.]

During the second year of my studies at the University , I started my own startup with a friend. I finished in the top 10% with a 8,33 mark ( the same marking system as the high school)  



[During all of your education years, from high school to university, can you describe any achievements that were truly exceptional?]

I was part on Mathematical Competions locally to my highschool. 


[What leadership roles did you take on during your education? Did you conceive of, and drive to completion, any initiatives outside of your required classwork?]

I was representative of student council in highschool.

